the stuttgart team that started the
day number 20 in the area
repechaje received the leader of the
championship to bayern munich in the
Mercedes Benz Arena really full
39,900 viewers to see this
match
and had this possibility the local box
with christian gamer giving it ago played
take
looked for the second angle of the frame
defended by manuel not yesterday
the ball that brushed the stick and was going
robben that opened could not find the
exit touched with by being it returned
the ball and rob after the two
men who had tried to mark
they did not stop him he found his place
in the area he lies down on a swath
what to do to see a raid and rest
he was going to withdraw the bayern munich
winning by the minimum difference both
of the Dutch arjen robben
in the second period
the valley above find this with Chaco
Take Milan and the court that was
entered to replace mitchell
weiser had a free kick by david
praises the dust of the natural angle
with tie
the man who plays like lateral
left that says played as one
of the three defenders
return a king for nothing for days
sensational where david praises
has missed some matches this
season for being injured but already
is in its best shape again and here
a wall between sides that is governed
It worked out and Lewandowski that faces
can not with a king who ends up covering
the referee florian meyer who scored the
end of the match was victory for the
Bayern Munich team that won by
first time in this 2015